c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\taswiq4u.Android.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\taswiq4u.Android.pdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.taswiq4u.apk
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.taswiq4u-Signed.apk
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\taswiq4u.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\taswiq4u.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\taswiq4u.Droid.Views.AboutPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\taswiq4u.Droid.Views.ItemsPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\taswiq4u.Droid.Views.ItemDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\taswiq4u.Droid.Views.NewItemPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\taswiq4u.Android.dll
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\taswiq4u.Android.pdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\com.companyname.taswiq4u.apk
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\slideout.png
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\profile_generic.png
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\profile_generic.png
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\profile_generic.png
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\profile_generic.png
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\profile_generic.png
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\bin\Debug\taswiq4u.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\taswiq4u.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\mohamed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\taswiq4u\taswiq4u\taswiq4u.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
